American
just close
hi guys today I'm going to be doing a
fourth of July makeup and outfits video
this is a collab with EXO beauty secrets
XO also known as Mary please don't look
my bed late to fix that wow that fix it
she makes a really awesome video so if
you could go subscribe to her and watch
her video it'll be linked down below and
if you're watching this on the day that
I posted it so on Wednesday she did not
post it yet but she's posting it on
Thursday but yeah oh my god how can I
forget to mention this I had 5000
subscribers two days ago what like this
is crazy like it did it takes me up
pretty long time to hit 5000 subscribers
but you know what it totally just pays
off because hating 5000 subscribers was
amazing and that is crazy like I never
thought that I would get 5000
subscribers feel like I just got 1,000
like yesterday even that was in October
but you know same thing whatever so
there are any certain videos you want me
to do um just so like I could like thank
you guys but in another video form
comment down below because I will if you
want hey what is this so i'm going to be
posting my birthday haul on July
fifteenth and I know that that's like
really far away but it'll come it'll
come pretty quick and I'm so excited to
go high on my birthday's coming up
that's so crazy whoa okay I don't know
why I'm saying this random things you
probably don't even wanna hear about
them sorry ugh listen to the entire long
intro but let's just get started
so for the fourth of july i recommend
wearing a red and white or blue and
white dress and say you're wearing a
blue dress and wear red shoes and if
you're wearing a red dress wear blue
shoes you know what I mean thank you all
so much for watching be sure to give a
thumbs up and check out Mary's video
that will be linked down below fun